these flimsy sheets aren't blocking out
the wind or the rain at this Tent City
in carun children are cold and hungry
but displaced families say it's safer
living here after Israeli bombs forced
them from their
homes we were warm in our home but we
came here in the wind and the rain we
can't even find covers for our children
they shiver at night with the sunset the
wind and then it starts getting cold for
our children how long will this go on
for we were living in dignity in our
homes but we became displaced by force
not willingly God will take my
avengeance traumatized families move
door too to find
safety my house was bombed in conun I
have sought shelter at several houses
until I stayed inside a tent which is a
little bit safer than the house but
there's no place completely safe these
are our children and this is our home
now now look at our condition I swear to
God I don't know how to make the
children sleep their clothes are wet how
are we going to dress
them 2third of gaza's population were
displaced to Southern Gaza after Israeli
bombardment level sways of the north but
the places they fled to were also
targeted so displac Palestinians could
be forced to move again hea is a cancer
patient and is losing
hope there's no medicine no clean water
I'm fed up with life why is this
happening to us why is this our
situation my medication is almost
finished how am I going to buy more
without a salary even Those whom I beg
for money they themselves need
money cold weather an unrelenting
bombing campaign and a Severe shortage
of basic necessities is making an
already dire humanitarian situation
worse Barbara Anga Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer